I'm still thinking about
why I'm going to be executed.
This is all your fault!
I don't want to regret the way I lived.
But what if the person you saved
takes someone else's life later?
You're going to die
in front of a crowd of people.
A secret execution
has been imposed on you.
I'm destined to die. right?
Are you saying that my mother and I
have been cursed by people with hearts?
What's the right way to die?
The value of life becomes ambiguous.
I won't understand the value
of someone important to me.
I'm scared of that.
This is all your fault!
You're going to die
in front of a crowd of people.
Save others.
That means I can't die.
So I've never regretted saving you.
That makes us accomplices.
I will never lose again.
I will win.
On the other side...
go apologize to my brothers.
You're strong enough to save others.
Are you prepared. Itadori?
People will die. It's inevitable.
But I want their deaths
to be justified. at least.
If you're killed by a curse.
are you going to blame it on your grandpa?
When I die. I hope many people
will come and pay their last respects.
Someone cried over a life I took.
Those people die because of you!
Malaysia.
That's right. Malaysia.
I should go to Kuantan.
I'll build a house on an empty beach.
The books that I bought but never read
have piled up like a mountain.
I want to read them slowly
as if I'm retrieving the time lost.
No. I should go to save Fushiguro now.
Where are Maki and Naobito?
What happened to them?
I'm tired. I'm really tired.
Yes. I'm tired.
I've done enough.
I didn't know you were here.
I've been here the whole time.
Would you like to have a chat with me?
After all. you've played
with me many times.
Haibara.
in the end. what did I want to do?
I once ran away.
But I came back for a vague reason
like a sense of achievement.
No.
that's not right.
No. Haibara.
I can't say such things.
This could become a curse on him.
Nanamin...
No.
No...
Itadori.
I'll leave the rest to you.
What are you?
What are you. Mahito?
You don't have to shout. I can hear you!
Yuji Itadori!
Save me...
Save me.
Soul Multiplicity.
Body Repel.
If I had stood firmer.
I could've punched through your face.
How can you... so many times...
How can you play
with so many people's lives?
If I count and kill looking troubled.
would you be satisfied?
I'll do that next time.
Since you're a shallow guy.
I'll give you a shallow answer.
Yuji Itadori.
Save me...
You are me.
Don't get mad over everything.
This is just a curse talking nonsense.
But still.
as long as you don't acknowledge that...
you are destined to lose to me.
You talk too much...
Are those your last words?
I'll leave the rest to you.
Nanamin would never
lose his cool in anger.
I want to prove...
-You're...
-I'm...
-a Jujutsu sorcerer.
Not bad. keep it up.
The second round!
23:19 SHIBUYA STATION
DOGENZAKA TICKET GATE
Oh no.
If I take a risk
and mess up the timing. I could die.
For now. I'll mainly attack
with transfigured humans.
How terrifying.
He has more moves than before.
A student?!
Hey. hurry over here.
There are tons of monsters there.
It's too dangerous!
That guy is
up there?
I'm sorry.
No place in Shibuya is safe now.
You should keep away...
Damn it. he...
Hey. you.
Don't you think you lack some imagination?
Stop.
Are you an idiot? It's up to you.
This is more effective
against Itadori's soul.
And. we'll get
one more trump card to crush you.
-What?
-Wait...
Alright. swallow...
21:30 SHIBUYA STATION. BASEMENT FOUR
I have enough in stock.
As for the humans except the ones below.
deal with them as you please.
Then let's continue with
the Killing Itadori Show.
No!
Jogo.
Then come get me.
I'll head down. and you go up.
Come back when I call for you.
I know that already.
That's true.
SPLIT INTO TWO!
Bye-bye.
BUMP
He escaped.
Mahito!
23:16 DOGENZAKA KOJI
You saw that?
Crazy. right?
I was wandering there not long ago.
Patchwork...
Is it you?
The Special Grade cursed spirit
that messed with our idiot?
Oh my.
Am I a celebrity?
Yeah. you're the famous one
who ran away cowardly.
Not bad.
Killing you would be worthwhile.
I haven't shown
anything good today anyway.
I remember his technique is
related to souls.
And I can't touch his hands.
At least. I have to exorcise a coward.
I have to recall
the core of cursed energy
that I grasped back then.
Terrible aim.
Hairpin.
Very impressive.
But this is basically
ineffective against me.
Judging by the way she talks.
she's probably close with that guy.
I'll show her corpse to Yuji Itadori
to break his soul.
Psychological test.
Who do you remember most vividly?
The one you liked the most
or the one you hated the most?
Stay tuned for the results.
Next episode. Right and Wrong. Part 2.
If your mind is filled with old memories.
it means you're a nerd.